because its goals have only been attained via harassment and threats
because WE ARE BETTER THAN THIS.
because this is what the owner of 8chan has to say about doxxing: 
because their origin as a harassment campaign, and plan to astroturf to gain support, is known and documented.
"it's not about silencing people we hate" it literally is 
because one of the most surreal things I've ever seen was MSNBC saying to Brianna Wu, "and you're still in hiding, yes?
because if you have to threaten to shoot up a school to prove your point, YOUR POINT IS WRONG.
#GamerGate: we're mad you criticized our thing. gaming's not dead! Women: we're terrified you're going to kill one of us
so that we can go back to criticising art and media like adults without fearing for our lives.
is to find young women interested in creativity and games and help them learn to design and code.
GG's only identifying trait is SJ targets and terror tactics. The other conversations have been happening for years
because their reaction to school shooting threats is always "you can't prove that's us!" and never "wow, that's awful."
because I care about the safety and welfare of women in gaming more than I care about video games.
because threats like this are considered 'not as bad as it could be'.
Good to see the threats haven't stopped since I got those 5 seconds of sleep. 
because the only way I feel safe online these days is if everyone assumes I'm a white dude.
There is something really profoundly funny about gate complaining that is hashtag activism and canít accomplish anything
because 'it's not even about women... We are not even sending out death threats...' 
giving equal credence to harassers and their victims is not fair, responsible, unbiased, or ethical
because GG-ers are completely unaware of what 'misogyny' is 
If it means threats of violence and dogpiling dissenters, yeah, I can forgive Polygon for 2 points off Bayonetta 2.
bc your easily shaken gamer identity can in no way be more important than physical and financial safety of other people.
because its biggest proponents, its loudest voices, are terrible, terrible people. 
Remember that GG is propped up by, among other things, Nazis. 
This seems relevant to someone threatening mass murder unless USU canceled Anita's presentation. 
Because they keep pushing debunked claims as if they mean something.
because this is what i get in my mentions for using this hashtag http://gyazo.com/7bf76587dd2591ff25f4989c7c23153a Ö
because the people that make all the genre media you consume think you're acting like monsters.
Because the way they react to threats and doxxing is to blame the people targeted instead of doing something about it
Apparently, using this hashtag makes harassers and threateners unhappy. 
because whatever good you may seek is smothered under the harm
Because say what you will about the tenets of the Tea Party, but at least "elect meaner republicans" is an ethos.
because all gamers wet the bed and blame women for it for some inexplicable reason.
Because it has created a culture of fear where gamers, writers and creators are all afraid to say how they feel.
hey, remember how #gamergate totally isn't about threats? I bet it was a FEMINIST threatening to shoot up a university!!!
because abusing women is never an ethical standpoint
Because wonderful and intelligent people that I admire have been chased out of the industry.
because I'm very, very tired of calling out sexism and abuse and being met with "prove it," abuse, and sexism.
because women contribute to the gaming community - and our contributions shouldn't be met with threats.
Chasing women from their homes, hacking financial records, calling in bomb threats are not a game. They're criminal acts.
it started as a harassment campaign targeting a woman and the only way it is different now is it found new targets.
because the critics *actually* discussing ethics & corruption in games are women being driven out of their homes.
so marginalized folks can go back to making games a better place for everyone.
because games are no longer a safe space.
because #GamerGate has done nothing to quell legitimate corruption, just done their best job to remove women from games.
because maybe you should try diverse games out, really give them a fair shot, before insisting on them "killing gaming"
I mean, we've had to live with your game tropes for the length of the industry. Let us breathe some new life into it
because when you state your opinion about them on Twitter, you're flooded with abusive tweets.
because minorities are #NotYourShield to hide your misogyny behind.
because my blocklist is bursting at the seems with sock puppets.
because women who make games just want to make games in peace.
because it is negatively affecting the entire industry.
